Hello everybody.
I'm Brandon Biggs, and this is Diana Biggs, and welcome to today's broadcast.
I told you all for my birthday one year, the Lord said, 'I want to give you a little present.
' I was in prayer, and I was just seeking Him.
He said, 'I want to show you something.
' All of a sudden, I was interceding for my birthday, and I was seeing in the spirit.
I saw these beautiful mountains with snow caps on the top of them.
They looked like the Swiss Alps—absolutely beautiful mountains.
There was a green valley with grass that was just the most beautiful, translucent-looking grass.
It was gorgeous grass with flowers, like a meadow with butterflies.
It was just the most beautiful backdrop with these mountains, a lake, and this beautiful scenery all around.
Diana was doing cartwheels, and the Lord said, 'This is moments after the Rapture.
' We were standing there in heaven.
I was a young man; I looked a lot younger and I had hair.
I had a glorified body, and Diana had her glorified body.
She said, 'Brandon, we made it!
We made it!
' She was doing cartwheels, and she was just rejoicing and running through this meadow.
It was green all around, with a beautiful green hill, and she was running and rejoicing.
It was just so beautiful.
I was breathing in the beautiful atmosphere of heaven for the very first time.
Whenever you get to a hotel room or go to a place on vacation where you've never been, you want to see everything and all the sights around because you're just excited to be there.
Multiply that by a billion.
That's what this felt like: we made it.
And the temperature—I remember I could feel it—it was like I was there.
The atmosphere was about 65 to 70 degrees.
It wasn't hot, but it wasn't cold.
It was a perfect temperature.
Everything was perfect, and you could see those mountains, and it was just beautiful.
I want to tell you all, heaven is a real place.
Most people go, 'Well, is it?
' No, I've seen it.
I've been there.
I've seen it—it is a massive, planet-like place.
It is humongous.
When I was taken back and I was coming to the Earth, it was in a ripple, how He had it hidden.
It was a massive place, like three times the size of Jupiter, and there was no darkness at all.
Everything was glowing.
There were no shadows because there is no darkness.
How do you explain that to somebody?
Because all we know are shadows—there are shadows on the table.
But there, there is no darkness.
Everything is beautiful.
Then one day I was praying, and the Lord told me to tell you all about this.
That's how that basically ended; He allowed me to see Diana doing the cartwheels, and I was just looking over the horizon at the beauty of an area of heaven.
I don't know if my house was nearby there or not, but I wouldn't mind it in that green valley, by that lake, and those mountains with the snow tops.
The things He has for every single one of you!
If you only knew how much He loves you.
If you just read your Bible and look at whenever it says that God is love, God loves you.
He gave His one and only begotten Son, that whosoever believes in Him should not perish but have everlasting life.
Every single one of us has an opportunity today to say yes to Jesus and no to hell.
Every single one of us.
You have a hell to shun and a heaven to gain.
Rodney Howard-Browne talks about that.
But I just want to encourage you all that when we go in the Rapture...
I was praying one day, just like I always do.
I said, 'Lord, what are you up to today?
What is going on with you?
'—just being personal with Him.
And He said, 'Brandon, I'm going to show you what I'm doing.
' He opened up a portal above me.
It was a beautiful portal, and Jesus looked out through that portal and said, 'I'm going to show you what I'm doing today.
' Just like that, right up here.
All of a sudden, I went into that portal in the spirit.
I went into that portal that He opened up above our living room, and I could see millions of plate settings that stretched forever, lined up on these beautiful tables.
I'm talking beautiful wood tables with a gloss on them, not cheap plastic tables from Walmart.
Each one of them had a name tag prepared for each one of us.
There was a doily in the middle, and beautiful fine china with golden lace around it.
It was all specifically designed for you out of the desires of your heart—the things that you find beautiful and attractive, things where you go, 'Wow, that makes me so happy, Lord.
Thank you for that.
' Because God loves beautiful things.
He is meticulous in everything He does; He cares about every single detail concerning every single one of you.
Even your name is on that name card in the center of those plates.
On my plate, what He was showing me, I saw Brandon Biggs and I saw a translucent-looking lily plate that was beautiful because I love flowers.
I am a flower person; I love landscaping and flowers.
I could spend hours just pulling weeds and making things look beautiful.
I love flowers of all His creation—it's a big deal for me.
I saw that my plate was a lily, and it was pink and beautiful.
Then the one next to me was white-looking china, and I saw the settings of the forks.
Then there were some plates down over here that had chopsticks in them because not everybody likes to use a fork.
That's neat!
There are some people who like chopsticks.
They might say, 'Well, what are we going to eat?
' I don't know.
The Bible says the marriage supper of the Lamb.
What is that?
I don't know.
Maybe we'll eat lamb—I have no idea, folks.
I just know that there's a reception, and I saw the reception He was preparing for the bride, and it was beautiful.
There was lace and beautiful things throughout the trees, and there were twinkle lights in that lace, powered by Holy Spirit power, I guess.
They were like little lightning bugs all inside of this lace, and it was wrapped in tulle in these humongous oak trees, like weeping willows.
You know how you see those down in New Orleans where the moss is dangling out of those trees?
It was like that, but there was gorgeous-looking lace in this massive tree next to the table.
Beautiful!
It was a ginormous tree, not some skinny tree.
I'm talking about trees with huge trunks.
They were all in the atmosphere above, wrapped in tulle with little twinkle lights.
I could see all of that.
Then they had flower arrangements on all the tables in crystal vases—beautiful things that fanned out with all kinds of beautiful purples, greens, baby's breath, and beautiful lavender and pink flowers.
It was done so perfectly.
All of it.
And they were on all the tables and all the doilies and all of it.
It was just so like a beautiful, beautiful wedding reception.
And then I don't want to cut it too short because I always try to tell y'all the things about it, and sometimes I add more to it because I'm like, you know, why hurry?
Why hurry?
You know, if you want to listen to it, fine.
If you don't, fine.
Fast forward it.
But it was just beautiful, and it was, as far as I could see, plates and things ready for the people, and they were all okay.
So one table setting was like this, and the table was all like an old English-looking table, like what you would see in a royal castle, like for the queen, because the table was all like it was all cut out like from a single piece of wood.
It wasn't like, you know, like we make our cheap-looking tables today.
We're talking it looked like Prince George, like, you know, like the old beds.
It looked like the legs on that table were all kind of engraved wood.
Engraved, and so you could see it, but it was a darker wood, a lighter wood, and then a darker wood.
And it flushed in like it was just like marble-looking wood.
And it was gorgeous.
And then the Lord showed me the tables, but they went table, aisle, table, aisle, and every single person was just ready for them.
And it went as far as you could see.
I mean, you know, we're talking millions of people here.
I don't know if it's by shift or whatever.
You come by the generation.
I don't know.
How are you going to have the reception for all those people?
But heaven's huge.
But I'm just saying it just, you know, for what I could see, it was for hundreds of thousands.
I don't know.
I don't tell that it was millions of places for what I could see, but it was amazing.
And then I could see the English Tudor houses.
Oh, yeah, the old cobblestone homes.
And see, in that generation of people, whether it's 1700s or whatever, that was their heart's desire.
The Bible says that he's making a mansion for every single one of us, and it would be our heart's desire.
So, your heart's desire in this modern day, your house is going to look a lot different than theirs.
So if they were in the 1600s and 1500s, their heart's desire was just an English-style house.
And it was gorgeous, but it was all perfect.
The cobblestone on the side of this house was all perfect.
And I could see it, and it was like going through a downtown, going through an old downtown because there were houses on both sides, and I could see the old roofs, the way they had it.
And then the streets were gold, and it went up, and there was a curve, and there was grass, beautiful cut grass, perfect grass that was just like manicured like a golf course.
Perfect.
And they were having parade practice.
And I said, "Lord, what are y'all doing?
" He said, "We're getting ready for the celebration of you coming home.
" And I saw the banners, the royal banners of people, and it said 'King of Kings' and 'Lord of Lords' on these banners that were written out in gold letters that looked like on a royalty purple, a deep purple with golden letters.
And it had beautiful tooling on the side, this beautiful like embroidery of gold.
And it was purple with golden letters that said 'King of Kings' and 'Lord of Lords'.
And they were standing there, and the people were standing there in their robes, and they had their heavenly garments on, all different styles of clothes, all different styles of outfits, the way they looked.
Not everybody was the same, but everybody was worshiping, and they were saying, "For he is good and his mercy endures forever, for the Lord is good and his mercy endures forever.
" And as he was marching down the street on the golden street, Jesus was riding his horse, and he had a crown on his head that looked like it had a white around it with this black-looking leopard stuff, and it went up in purple and gold and went up like this.
And it had a thing on the top, and he had a purple-looking cloak on with a white embroidery around it, and then he had this beautiful outfit, a robe-like, gown-looking thing, and he was on his horse.
And his horse bridle, I've said this, it has beautiful jewels all throughout that bridle on that horse's bit going up through, and where he was holding the reins, it was beautiful—the jewels and the sapphires and the pearls and the diamonds and everything was on his bridle and what goes on the horse's chest.
And he rode it up in the spirit realm, and I could see him riding on it, and his horse was beautiful white.
It was a beautiful-looking, white-looking horse.
It was gorgeous.
It's absolutely gorgeous.
And all the people, and you could see confetti in the air.
Like confetti-like stuff was in the air, and how it was blowing at all times I have no idea because I don't know that celebration, but it was in the atmosphere, and it was on the streets, and it was being shaken like you'd see on New Year's Eve when the ball drops in Times Square and all the confetti is coming, but it was in the air, in the atmosphere.
Colors and things were moving around as people were walking down, and they were blowing their horns and their trumpets, and they were sounding the praises of him, the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords.
Beautiful.
But the people were excited that we were coming home.
All our loved ones that have gone on before us, that have passed on, ladies and gentlemen, to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
And they are waiting for us.
They are the great cloud of witnesses that are waiting on us, ladies and gentlemen, that are celebrating our soon return, that Jesus has paid the price for every single one of you to not go to hell.
Thank you, Jesus.
If you just accept him and turn from your sin and your wicked ways, Jesus has paid the price for every single one of you so you can go to heaven with him for eternity.
I know a lot of you don't get it.
There's a lot of you that are so lost, but I pray for you every day that the eyes of your understanding would be enlightened, that you would know the hope of your calling and how much he loves you, that he paid the price for every single one of you to walk in victory, going from glory to glory to glory.
There was a stream, looked like a bridge, where the parade ended.
It looked like it went a long way, but I could see the people, and they were lining both sides of the streets waiting for the people, like celebrating, getting ready for the people.
And there was a bridge, the gold streets, the brick gold streets went over the bridge.
And there was a stream going through there.
And then there was a massive castle that was right in front of it right here.
A humongous, I'm talking ginormous-looking castle that was over here.
Now, I don't know whose house that was, but they had big desires.
Some people, if you only believe for small, you only get small because that was the desire of your heart.
He's not going to override what you're believing for.
What's your chokehold?
How big is your faith and what you're believing for with God?
God's limitless, but he will only move at your ability to believe him for it.
Even in your heart's desires, he doesn't override you.
You've got to stretch yourself.
You've got to learn how to believe God for bigger.
Some people have a measure of faith like the scripture.
Some people have a chokehold where you have to look at your chokehold.
If I tell you to believe God for a million dollars, you say, "Ah, that's not a big deal.
" Some people would say that.
And some people go, "Oh my goodness, that's a lot of money.
" Some people go, "That's not that big.
" Then if I say you believe God for $10 million and then you go, "That's," and then somebody says, "That's not that bad.
" And then somebody says, "I'm believing God for a hundred million dollars," and you go, "Woo, wow, $100 million.
" That's what I'm trying to talk about: your choke point.
Where does your faith go and you go, you know, where you go, "That's a lot," you know, versus "That's nothing"?
Grow bigger in your capacity to believe God for more.
Stretch your faith to believe him for exceedingly abundantly above all you dare ask or think, even in the next life.
Some people, if you think like $1,000, you know, is a lot, you start out where your faith is $100.
I can believe God for $100.
So, you believe $100 ten times.
It doesn't make you less than.
No, I'm just trying to tell you to stretch yourself because I saw houses that were beautiful.
But I'm not running their house down in heaven by no means, because it makes anything on this earth look like a shack compared to a glorified house.
But I'm just saying I could see massive castles.
Wow.
Somebody was believing for a massive castle and they got it.
I don't know who it was, but I saw their house and I was like, "Are you kidding me?
" That looked like a king's castle, but it wasn't where the Lord stayed.
It was somebody's house.
And this place was massive.
It was gorgeous.
It looked like something out of Cinderella, you know, like a...
But it was all looking like cobblestone again, you know, the cobblestone, but it was built like that all on the side of this hill.
And I could see trees around it and some, like, not like, you know, like that peat moss, like moss stuff growing on it.
Gorgeous looking like greenery and stuff around this castle.
And it was on this hill above the golden street and it was over like over here from where they're having the parade.
But it's just it's overwhelming how much he loves us and how much he's preparing a place for us.
And our great cloud of witnesses, our loved ones, our relatives are watching and waiting for us.
And Jesus Christ is coming, ladies and gentlemen.
He's coming.
Exciting!
And we are going to be in paradise forever and ever and ever, singing praises to the King.
It's a massive place, heaven is, and we will call it home.
And he's going to make a new heaven and a new earth.
And we've got a thousand-year reign that we will rule and reign with him, and I'm telling you, there are great days ahead in our glorified bodies, giving praise to the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords.
And I'm telling you, he is worthy of all our praise.
He loves us and he is amazing.
He's an amazing God.
So, you know, that's what I had, that part of this to tell you all today.
I look forward to it all the time.
I look forward to it because there's loved ones over there that I miss: my grandfather and my grandma.
There's people over there that you go, "Huh, I know they're waiting on us.
" And when we get there, I wonder if we'll recognize them that much because of how young they'll look in their glorified bodies.
You'll go, "Wow, you look great," you know?
Yeah.
You know, because when I saw myself, I looked really great.
I had good hair.
I was like, "Hey, I've got good hair.
Thank you, Lord.
" So, you look the same as always, babe.
And I think in your glorified body, you look the same to me.
But I mean seriously, it's amazing what the Lord's going to do.
So, but you know, just now we have to be serious about some things about the war and the things that I've seen coming.
You know, there's a lot of good that President Trump's wanting to do, but the devil is going to try to throw a monkey wrench as much as he can to delay things and cause things not to happen because he knows his time is short.
So, he is working at full capacity even when we're sleeping.
He's like, "I'm going to try to kill, steal, and destroy and make sure that a lot of you don't make it to get that house, to get that paradise.
" Because he was there and he got kicked out, and he is ticked off that every single one of you have the opportunity to get what he had, and he can't have it no more in the presence of the great God Jehovah for the rest of our lives.
And his plan is the lake of fire, hell, and on earth.
He's going to be burning for eternity forever and ever and ever with every one of his little devils that tormented and destroyed people's lives.
Their eternity is hell.
Hell, hell.
And I am so grateful that God, you know, that his time is coming short.
It's over.
Yes.
And he is freaking out right now because he knows, and he's trying to speed things up so he can try to cause as many of you to go to hell with him as he can.
That's his whole plan.
He does not care.
He knows his time's up.
He knows he can't stop it.
But what gets God the most?
What does God find valuable?
What does God see that's valuable?
Is it the gold?
No.
He makes streets out of it.
It's concrete to him.
Is it the diamonds?
No.
He makes bridles out of them for horses.
What does he find that's important?
It's you and me, ladies and gentlemen.
We're what's important to him.
He sent his one and only son to die for you.
The most beautiful thing that he could ever do was give his life for you freely.
He didn't do it grudgingly.
He did it because he wanted to.
It says he became sickness for us.
He became poverty for us so that we don't have to have it, that we don't have to walk in hell, depression, anxiety, fear, torment of all kinds.
He became that.
He took it on himself.
He had to receive it by faith.
He had to receive sickness and disease by faith on his body because he was Holy Ghost all the way around.
He walked without measure.
But he didn't know sickness.
He didn't know disease.
He didn't know sin.
So he became sin for us.
He became sickness.
He had to receive that by faith by yielding himself to it and saying, "I became it.
I have to do this.
I'm going to take it.
" And then it came all on him willingly.
He willingly did it for you and me.
And the thing that the devil wants to try to do the most is to get you to believe a lie that he doesn't love you, that he doesn't have a plan for you, that he doesn't care anything about you.
"Oh, God's mad at you.
Yeah, he's punishing you.
He put this sickness on you.
" He can't give you something, ladies and gentlemen, that he doesn't have in heaven.
There is no sickness in heaven.
There is no poverty.
Trust me, I've seen the houses.
There is no poverty in heaven.
So, he can't.
There's no trailer parks in heaven—not that I'm picking on anybody with a trailer park—but there's not a trailer park in heaven.
There are all beautiful homes in heaven, ladies and gentlemen.
And he has the cattle on a thousand hills.
It seems now that that's just a small thing.
Trust me, he has a storehouse.
He has it all laid up for you.
He wants you to have it on earth as it is in heaven.
But it's your choice as to your capacity of what you want to believe him for.
How much do you want to believe God for big?
Do you believe God for big in your life?
Do you believe that he'll meet all your needs according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus?
Do you believe that if you give, it shall be given unto you—good measure, pressed down, shaken together, running over?
Will men give into your bosom?
That he'll give you creative ideas to get wealth in Deuteronomy 28, that you're the head, not the tail, above and not beneath, you'll go through and not go under?
Because he has it all up there in heaven, but he wants to make sure you live it on this earth, too.
We're ambassadors of the Lord Jesus Christ, and he dwells on the inside of us.
And he doesn't want to see us busted and disgusted, barely getting by.
Well, we're just holding the fort.
He wants us to be the kids that are victorious in every area of our life.
And so, I want to encourage you today.
Don't just wait for heaven.
Have heaven on earth.
Believe God for big.
I'm believing for my Megan.
I'm believing for me.
I'm believing for all kinds of stuff all the time.
Believing him for exceedingly abundantly.
That Megan will talk, that Megan will completely be healed of autism.
I believe with all my heart that she'll be on here sitting next to Diana and I, telling you her testimony that Jesus healed her and that she'll have her full manifestation.
And you say, 'How can you get on here and tell us that Jesus is a healer whenever you're still believing for something?
' Because my circumstances don't validate the word of God.
The word of God validates itself.
It says he became sickness for us.
He became poverty for us.
He said by his stripes you were healed, and that settles it.
I'm not moved by what I see.
I'm not moved by what I feel.
I'm moved by what the word of God says.
Regardless of what your circumstances say, Abraham staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief, but was strong in faith, giving glory to God because he was fully persuaded that what God had promised, he was able also to perform it.
And I believe that the moment my heart stops, the moment I take my last breath on this earth, to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord, and that my name is written in the Lamb's book of life.
I believe with all my heart, I've seen it.
I've seen that we go home and be with him, and the day we breathe our last, the instant we're right in front of him.
And there will be a generation that doesn't taste death, that we will have that opportunity to not taste death.
And we are that generation.
He told me that.
And I believe with all my heart there will be a day that in a twinkling of an eye we'll be changed and caught up, and the dead in Christ will rise first.
We're going to be caught up with him, and we're going to go for seven years with him and look around, and then we're coming back.
We're coming back.
Are you going to be a part of that?
Do you believe that Jesus wants to save your soul?
Do you say, 'Well, I believe he wants to save their soul.
I've been really bad, man.
I've done some really bad things.
I don't believe that Jesus will forgive me for all the things that I've done.
' You're wrong.
He said, 'If you confess your sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us.
' You know, when he hits me and I start crying.
You say, 'Well, he will never forgive me for all that I've done.
' You're wrong.
The Bible says if you confess your sins, he is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you of all unrighteousness.
All you have to do is believe it by faith that he died and rose again on the third day, and that he died for you.
You have to believe that Jesus paid the price for you.
You have to believe it and just believe with all your heart.
Don't be moved by what you see.
Just because you have a little sin in your life, still maybe after you get born again, you walk your salvation out with fear and trembling.
Keep going.
When you fall, you brush it off and you keep standing and you keep getting back up.
It's like that old clown.
You see that old clown, you punch him in the head and then that old airbag clown comes back up and he keeps standing.
He keeps standing.
No matter how bad the devil tries to knock you down like that little clown, the clown always stands back up and he's still grinning from ear to ear.
And he keeps standing.
He keeps fighting.
That's the way you've got to be.
He's going to throw his punches at you, but you keep standing, standing on the inside.
That clown was standing on the inside.
He's not going to give up.
He keeps rolling back.
So, I want you to repeat this prayer after me.
You say, 'Brother Brandon, I want to get saved.
I want to give my heart to Jesus Christ.
' Today's your day.
That table out there will have your name tag on it after today.
When you say this prayer with me, he's preparing a place for you.
I feel the Lord so strong.
He will have that mansion getting it ready for you right now.
The moment you say this prayer after me and you believe in your heart today, I believe you're saved.
So, I want you to say this prayer with me.
It could just be something simple.
You don't have to make it all religious.
You just say something from your heart.
He made it so that a child can get born again.
Ladies and gentlemen, we think we have to come to him as spiritual adults having everything figured out, but all he's looking for is a childlike faith, just to believe by faith that he saved your soul.
So, I want you to repeat this prayer after me: 'Jesus, I believe you died for me.
I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe that you died and rose again on the third day.
I want my name to be written in the Lamb's book of life.
I am a sinner, Lord, and I confess my sins before you.
You said you'd be faithful and just to forgive me of my sins and cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
I want to come home.
I want to be born again.
I want my name written in that Lamb's book of life.
I don't want to go to hell.
I want to come to heaven with you.
I want to make you my Lord and personal savior.
Jesus, I need you.
Jesus, I want you, and I want you to be my Lord, and I want you to guide me for the rest of my days.
As long as I'm on this earth, Lord, and even in the time after, I want to make you my Lord.
I want to make you my friend.
I want to be compassionate.
I want to have passion.
And I want to touch those that are around me for the kingdom of God today, telling them what you did on that cross, telling them that you died for them, telling them that you rose again on the third day for them.
Being the biggest witness I can be for you, Lord, as I yield my life over to you, being sold out.
I'm sold out for Jesus today.
I'm sold out for the kingdom today.
' That's all you got to do right there.
Say it with all your heart.
Now, find you a Bible that you understand.
Find a version of the Bible.
Doesn't have to be King James.
Find something that will minister to you, that you'll get a hold of.
Read your Bible every day and pray.
Come on this channel and pray with us.
We'll be here.
We're excited you got born again today.
Best decision you'll ever make.
I don't know how you people live without him.
And yeah, I'm not saying everything's always going to be easy being a Christian now, because I'm not going to lie to you.
I'm going to tell you there are times that you're going to have to stand and fight.
You're going to have to learn how to live by faith.
You're going to have to learn how to stand when all there is to do is stand therefore.
It's not always easy, but I'm going to tell you, it's rewarding.
Yes, it's rewarding to serve the Lord, so rewarding.
It's rewarding to serve the Lord, and he will always meet you where you are in your needs.
He's always faithful.
But you keep on keeping on.
You find a church that teaches the word of God.
Get baptized.
Make sure they're teaching the right word.
Come on here, you find good word, and I'll teach you the best I know how.
We're all a work in progress here.
Even Diana and I, we're a work in progress.
We're figuring everything out just like you are.
We're all a work in progress.
So no one ever sit there and say, 'Well, I have far to go.
' So do I, folks.
So do I.
We're trying with all our hearts to figure this out, and we are working this out every single day, working our salvation out with fear and trembling, seeking Jesus.
And I'm telling you, that's all we can do.
You keep going, and you learn, and you build your faith up.
You get in that Word.
You stand on the Word, and you do not let what you see around you move you.
You let the Word of God be your foundation, and you say, "I'm not moved by what I see.
" You fall and skin your knee, and you get back up.
That's what you do.
You keep believing by faith.
So, I encourage you, if you got born again today, tell us in the comments down below.
Let us know that you said the sinner's prayer, and find a church that teaches the Word of God.
Get excited about it because I'm telling you, you've made the best decision that you could have ever made today.
And I believe your place setting might be next to ours.
We'll go up there and you can say, "Brandon, I said that prayer, the sinner's prayer today," and when we get to heaven, you say, "You helped me.
" That'll be so exciting.
I will rejoice with you.
Oh, I can't stop.
I can't stop following.
It's exciting.
It's a life-changing experience, and today is your day for salvation.
And we pray for you.
We pray for you every day.
He loves us so much.
Yes, He loves us so much.
So now we'll pray, and you can pray alongside of us.
And then we're going to pray for the other things.
I know this probably went a little longer, but if you want to click out now, you can.
And I pray for every single person who's out there believing for an unsaved loved one, that we believe, we receive every single one of those people born again and saved in the name of Jesus.
We call every one of those unbelievers believers.
And we thank You, Lord, that all of them, from their grandkids all the way down to their kids, their husbands, their wives, they're born again, and a saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ is inside of them, and they will know that Jesus paid the price and they will accept it.
Yes, their hearts are soft and ready.
Their hearts are soft and ready.
Yes, we believe it, Father.
Send laborers across their path.
We believe it, Father.
Laborers across their path.
Thank You, Father.
Thank You, Lord.
We believe that now.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for the last outpouring of finances, Father, for what I've seen coming over with cryptos and with gold, with silver, with all kinds of things, Father.
Father, the body of Christ is hearing You on what to do.
Father, we hear Your voice, and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
Father, we'll invest and do the things that You've called us to do.
We are the head and not the tail, above and not beneath.
This will be a time of great acceleration.
And Father, we will push through, and we will not struggle anymore, and we will be the light in the darkness even more.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for creative ideas to get wealth.
I pray for every person who's blessed and given.
Father, I pray over their hands that they will prosper.
And Father, I thank You that they prosper and be in health even as their soul prospers.
I pray blessing over their minds, over their wills, over their emotions.
I thank You, Father, that their thyroids are healed, their hearts are healed, their livers, their kidneys, their bodies.
I pray healing over their bodies right now in the name of Jesus, from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
We call them healed and whole and well in Jesus' name.
You've delivered them from sickness and disease.
You've delivered them from all bondage from hell.
Father, You've set the captives free by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of our testimony.
I pray healing over their minds, that they have the mind of Christ.
I take authority over the spirit of depression in the name of Jesus.
And I say, "Depression, you leave now in Jesus' name.
" They have a sound mind, for God has not given them a spirit of fear, but of power, of love, and of a well-balanced mind.
And I pray soundness over your mind right now.
We take authority over depression, we take authority over anxiety, we take authority over fear, and we say go now in Jesus' name.
Be healed in the name of Jesus from the top of your head to the soles of your feet.
And I thank You, Lord, that they're healed and their serotonin levels are normal in Jesus' name.
And I pray over their stomach and over their intestines, you produce serotonin and all the dopamine, all the hormones that you need in your body.
And we thank You, Lord, that their bodies are healed and whole and well in Jesus' name.
And we pray over all kinds of learning disabilities and things of the mind.
We say Alzheimer's and dementia and all kinds of learning things.
Father, we thank You, Lord, for dyslexia and autism, and cerebral palsy is healed and whole and well in Jesus' name.
We thank You, Lord, that they're delivered from this and that they are completely made whole from all things that are missing.
Nothing missing, nothing broken.
We call shalom over their life in Jesus' name to be made whole in every area of their life.
Father, we thank You, Lord, that their marriages are good.
I call PTSD to be free.
You're free from PTSD of all areas of your life.
No weapon formed against you will prosper.
You will not have flashbacks and night terrors anymore.
We speak peace over your sleep.
We pray peace over your dreams and over your mind that you have—the Bible says He gives His beloved restful sleep in the name of Jesus.
And we thank You, Lord, that You're giving them restful sleep tonight in Jesus' name, that they put their head on the pillow, and when they do, they go right to sleep and they wake up refreshed, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We pray sleep over them in Jesus' name to have restful, sound sleep.
And we pray over their epinephrine to be lined up with the Word of God and their cortisol levels to be lined up in the name of Jesus.
We speak to cortisol, and we speak over their adrenal glands.
Be healed and whole and well, adrenal glands, from stress.
We call forth cortisol levels to be normal in Jesus' name.
And we thank You, Lord, that You're the healer from the top of their head to the soles of their feet, Father, over their kidneys and over their body.
We call their blood to be healed and whole and well.
And we thank You, Father, for all that You've done and all that You're going to do concerning their bodies.
Thank You, Lord.
Receive your healing.
Receive it right now, that the Holy Spirit moves through this camera and touches you right where you are.
No matter what you have need of, Jesus paid the price for you to walk in victory.
And we believe that for you right now, that you are healed.
We're here, too.
We're agreeing, touching and agreeing over whatever you need.
Creative miracles are happening right now.
We believe a wave of His presence is coming over your house, delivering you from demonic strongholds that you've been bound by, by satanic alcoholism or pornography or lust or all kinds of things that you've been bound by.
You're delivered from that lust in Jesus' name.
You're delivered—it may be women just dealing with these lust addictions and pornography.
We speak healing and wholeness and deliverance over your mind right now in Jesus' name, that you're no longer bound by that pornography and that pornography spirit.
We call it delivered.
You spirit of lust, you go, and I call your pathways of your mind to be healed and whole, and those addictions that keep coming back, and you keep going back to it like a dog eating his vomit, we say you're delivered from that in the name of Jesus.
No more of that pornography spirit and that lust.
We break that off of you in the name of Jesus.
Be free from that in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord, that that fire drives out those demonic spirits.
They've opened the door, and now, Father, they shut the door, and you cut that stuff off and you don't do it anymore.
Don't open the door back to that.
Stay away from it.
Even whenever he is trying to whisper in your ear, 'No, no, no.
I'm free from this in Jesus' name.
' Faith calls those things that be not as though they were.
And we are free in Jesus' name.
Yes.
Thank you, Father.
Over alcohol, over gambling, over all of it.
Over cigarettes.
I call them delivered from cigarettes.
Faith calls those things that be not as though they were.
And they are delivered from tobacco in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Lord.
Smoking marijuana.
We're delivered.
They're delivered from smoking marijuana.
They're delivered from all kinds of bad drugs.
Lord, I thank you, Lord.
Fentanyl all the way down to crack cocaine, delivered in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord, for your delivering power.
We thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, that their daughters are coming home, their sons are coming home from all kinds of abusive relationships and are being restored in Jesus' name in their hearts.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
The bondage from being abused is leaving them now in Jesus' name.
Completely free from the bondage of abuse.
Always blaming yourself.
Always running that around in your mind: 'What should I have said?
Should I have told on him?
Should I have done this?
Should I have done that?
' The devil's tormented you for years.
And the Lord Jesus Christ said He's setting you free right now.
And that peace that passes all understanding is flowing over your house right now, over your heart.
And you are free.
Free from the bondage of guilt.
Bondage of shame.
The bondage of shame.
You are no longer going to walk in shame concerning this.
This is a shame that you've had.
You've tried to tell in your mind, 'Ah, it's shameful.
It's shameful.
' Jesus took all that for you.
What they did to you was wrong, but you're free from that today.
All that pain and that sorrow and that shame that you've carried, you're free in the name of Jesus.
And whom Jesus sets free is free indeed.
Yeah.
For whom the Son sets free is free indeed.
Yes.
I believe it.
And that shame is no more running around—that demonic, it's a spirit.
And we command that to let you go now in Jesus' name.
Be free from that.
Oh, it's like a purging happening with you.
It feels like tears are coming like a waterfall.
Purge that out of there.
It's like a flow.
Weeping and then joy, joy, joy!
Fill back up.
That is all getting out of there.
Now fill it with joy.
Father, fill it with peace and joy.
The peace and the joy that passes all understanding.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that you're renewing it, fixing it.
And, Father, I thank you that what the devil meant for bad, you're turning around for good in Jesus' name.
Oh goodness.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Father.
Father, I call fatty livers healed and whole and well.
Yes.
I call livers, bile ducts, bile ducts to be healed and whole and well, over gallbladders, over bile, over gallstones—we call them to dissolve and go away.
We call healing over bile ducts.
We call healing over gallbladders.
We call healing over fatty liver disease.
And we say in the name of Jesus, healing flows over fatty livers and it causes them to be healed and whole in Jesus' name.
And, Father, we thank you, Lord, that people are delivered from everything they need today.
Father, I thank you.
I thank you.
We give you praise and glory over eyesight, over ears, over all of it, even hair growing back.
Father, thank you, Lord, for women that are believing for more hair.
Your hair is falling out because of hormones.
I saw it right then.
The Lord's restoring hair.
Pray over their hair, babe.
In the name of Jesus, we call those things that be not as though they were.
So we speak to it right now in the name of Jesus.
That hair, grow back!
And the missing hair will be no more in the name of Jesus.
You will grow back.
And not only will you grow back, you will grow back better than you were before.
You will have healthy hair in the name of Jesus.
It will be full.
It will be beautiful and long and vibrant, the way that you designed it to be.
Father, in the name of Jesus, we speak to the hair right now.
follicles on this head, on the scalp, everywhere that it grows as it should, and that there is no stunted growth, no dryness, no baldness, no itchiness, nor any irregularities on the scalp, any blockages in the hair follicles or damage to it, that it be restored in the name of Jesus.
Restored to the way you created it in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Father.
There's an anointing on that.
You just receive that.
Yes.
Receive that right now.
Receive that healing is going into your scalp, hair, even the color of your hair can change.
Believe it.
Healing and wholeness and wellness.
And I agree with that.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Father.
Lord, you're good and your mercy endures forever.
Thank you, Lord, that we call peace over this war and that Putin will be bridled.
We call peace over Zelensky and he will be bridled.
No long-range missiles blowing up each other.
That there will be peace over these areas in Ukraine and over Poland, over all the areas of NATO.
We thank you, Lord, that the men that are wanting to have war, that this will stop and be diffused in the name of Jesus.
And we say, 'No, you will not.
No, you will not.
You satanic spirit.
You spirit of antichrist trying to speed things up.
We say no, you will not.
Thus far and no further!
We put a bloodline over this circumstance and we say peace, peace, peace.
We'll have our revival and we will have a great harvest of souls and you will not cause people to die by the tens of thousands or the millions.
No, you will not, nuclear war.
We will not have this.
We have peace, and as the bride of Christ, we take our rightful place and authority and we say, "Satan, get under our feet.
We are the great restrainer.
" And when we are removed, then you have your tribulation.
But not until then!
We will have the victory and we proclaim victory concerning these circumstances.
And we call revival in over Asia.
We call revival in over the Middle East.
We call revival in over South America and over all of Australia and over Mexico.
All of it.
Father, we pray for a revival in Jesus' name.
We pray over Israel, Father, that Benjamin Netanyahu will have peace and have wisdom on how to lead their nation.
Father, your hand is on Israel.
For you said, "Those that bless Israel, I will bless, and those that curse Israel, I will curse.
" And Father, we bless Israel today.
We bless Israel.
We bless Jerusalem.
We pray for the peace of Jerusalem.
We pray for the peace of Israel.
We thank you, Lord, that there is a mighty covering of your hand over them.
And I thank you, Lord, that you're not done with it yet.
That there is a great move of your presence over Israel and a mighty harvest of souls will take place, Father.
And I thank you, Lord, for a supernatural move of your presence all throughout Jerusalem in Jesus' name, for great demonstrations and manifestations even at the Wailing Wall.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for such a time as this, that there will be a major harvest of souls all throughout Israel, and in Saudi Arabia, and over all of Turkey, Father, going through Jordan and Syria, Father, and over all of Iraq and Iran, over Afghanistan.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there will be in Egypt a great move of God, going through Africa, going all through Africa.
Father, thank you, Father.
Thank you for Europe.
Thank you, Lord, for Russia, that there will be a move of your presence even in Russia.
A supernatural harvest will happen in Russia in Jesus' name.
And over America, we just thank you.
Thank you.
Even going through Canada, Canada will have a move of God.
Father, we call forth a major move of God in Canada in Jesus' name.
So Lord, we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for it.
And we thank you and we give you praise for everything that you've done and everything that you're going to do in these people's lives today.
And we say, "Amen and amen.
" Amen.
Yeah, we're excited.
Thank you, Lord.
That was amazing.
That was anointed.
I could feel his presence today a lot.
The Lord visited us.
If you're new here and you've never watched one of our videos, we appreciate you sticking around.
We're believing for a million people to pray every day.
I said that before, that every day we'll have a million-person prayer army.
We're strong together.
And we believe that many hands make light work.
Yes, we're excited.
Well, please subscribe if you haven't subscribed already.
Click the notification bell.
If you haven't clicked the notification bell, click that, and they'll tell you when we have a new video coming out.
The faster you click on the video after I post it, it helps the algorithm because they go boom.
They go, 'Wow, this is getting a lot of traction.
' So they make their money by ad revenue, and they see that you watch those videos.
They put those stupid commercials on there, and that's how they promote the video, because the more people watch that and the more the commercials come on there, then they boost it all throughout there because that's how Google makes their money.
Well, if you click on it really fast, then they think, 'Wow, it's in high demand,' so they'll recommend it more to other people.
It'll get boosted higher in the rankings.
So that's why we ask you to do that.
You may not understand it, but it's all about them thinking there's a demand for this, and then they want to put their touch on it to get their money off of it for their ad stuff, and then they do their thing.
But it's all about us being on their platform.
So we want the gospel spread throughout the whole world, but we have to use their tool.
YouTube has a large platform with a lot of people.
Millions and millions of people need to hear the gospel every day on YouTube.
So we're excited that we are even able to share the gospel on here.
Thankful, yeah.
And we put it on TikTok.
We have our TikTok channel, and we've had our other channels: Instagram, Facebook—but they don't get the traffic like this does.
And we're just thankful that we're able to share the gospel here.
All of our social media is always linked in the description of the video, so a scammer doesn't try to imitate us.
They're trying to impersonate us all the time.
So make sure—if it's not in our description, it's not us.
Look at our description, and you can see all of the links and the things that we have to offer you, and it will help you so you don't get scammed by people.
We'll never ask for your address.
We'll never ask for your phone number.
We're never going to contact you trying to solicit you to buy crypto, messaging you, trying to tell you, 'Please invest here.
' We'll never do that.
So if there's somebody out there telling you to do that, that is not us.
We will never ask you to give us money.
We're never asking you to do anything.
So these people are trying to get you, so do not fall victim to their scams.
They do it to a lot of YouTubers.
So just subscribe, click the notification bell.
We're excited you're here, and we hope this blessed you today.
And we will do it again tomorrow, won't we, Dave?
Yeah, so we'll be here.
We always close the broadcast by telling you: put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you all, and we will see you again tomorrow for day almost 40.
I think we're almost at day 40.
Isn't that amazing?
We've been doing this for 40 days straight.
The Lord said, 'Do videos for prayer,' so hopefully it's blessing you.
I just pray it does.
So we'll see you again tomorrow.
Y'all have a blessed one.
Bye-bye.